# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes 

## Date: 04 November 2024

**Attendees:** 
* David LaBianca (Google)
* Omar Santos (Cisco)
* Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters)
* Elad Schulman (Lasso Security)
* Nils Tracy (Blinder)
* Sarah Novotny (GenLab)
* Jason Clinton (Anthropic)
* Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA)
* JR Rao (IBM)
* Marina Zeldin (Dell)
* Prutha Parikh (Cohere)
* Nabil Hamzi (Logitech) - until 30 past
* Nick Hamilton (OpenAI)
* Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI)
* Josh Harguess (Cranium)
* Sean Morgan (Protect AI)
* James Stewart (TrojAI)
* Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX)
* Janice Tse (PayPal)
* Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel)
* Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard)
* Manish Garg (VE3) 

**Regrets:**
David Girard (Trend Micro), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Terrence Driscoll (Cyware), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Jay White (Microsoft), Mislav Balunović (Invariant Labs), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security),  Kapish Vanvaria (EY), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Ashley Roof (Operant) 

**Guests:**
Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Naji Jackson (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Jamie Clark (OASIS), Holly Petersen (OASIS), Jefferey Borek (IBM), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), Hsien-Hsin Sean Lee (Intel), Mehrin Kiani (Protect Ai), Nikita Jain (Google - Marketing Committee co-chair), Mitch Hericks (Wiz), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic, TSC Co-chair)

_Quorum:_ 35 PGB members, 18 primary reps needed for quorum

## Agenda:
* Updates from PGB co-chairs covering:
	* Proposed standing agenda
	* Executive Steering Committee Kickoff
	* Updates to PGB meeting frequency
* Marketing Committee co-chair(s) update on event and strategy efforts
* TSC co-chair update and discussion covering:
	* Workstream timelines and initial artefact deadlines
	* Workstream tempo and cadence
* PSC guidance and goals discussion led by PSC co-chairs 
* Open items 

## Meeting Minutes

### PGB Meeting Structure
* The Co-Chairs David LaBianca and Omar Santos proposed restructuring the PGB meetings. They propose to switch to a monthly meeting 
* Omar suggested that the new cadence begins in December; the group agrees.
* Suggestion to schedule the first Executive Steering Committee meeting for  November 18th was accepted.

### Executive Steering Committee vs. PGB 
* A questions was raised about the difference between the PGB and the executive steering committee. David explained that the executive steering committee is a subset of the PGB that can help focus the PGB on key topics and prepare the agenda for the PGB meetings. 
* The executive steering committee must bring all decisions back to the PGB for approval and doesn’t make decisions on behalf of the PGB.

### Marketing Committee Update
* Nikita Jain provided an update on the marketing committee, highlighting the appointment of subcommittee leads and the development of a marketing strategy document. 
* Nikita also shared an overview of content published in October, including a press release, blog posts, and social media activity.

### Public Sector Committee
* Jeffrey Borek and Nils Tracy, the PSC leads shared their high-level thoughts on the PSC's role, emphasizing awareness generation, education, and forecasting of regulatory developments.
* They also asked for guidance from the PGB on the scope of messaging and target audience.  

### Technical Steering Committee
* J.R. Rao reported on the progress of the Technical Steering Committee (TSC). The TSC is working through some challenges around project timelines and the need for more time to develop high-quality white papers. 
* Daniel Rohrer raised the issue of scope versus time, suggesting that the TSC could provide intermediate deliverables to demonstrate progress. 
* David LaBianca proposed aiming for a draft skeleton by December 31st for each workstream
* Akila Srinivasan provided an update on the progress of the workstreams, noting that two have been kicked off and a third is starting this week.

    
