# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes - Draft

## Date: 09 September 2024

## Attendees
- David LaBianca (Google)
- Jay White (Microsoft)
- Omar Santos (Cisco)
- Mislav Balunović (Invariant Labs)
- JR Rao (IBM)
- Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA)
- Sarah Novotny (GenLab)
- Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer)
- Manish Garg (VE3)
- Joe Nicastro (Legit Security)
- Prutha Parikh (Cohere)
- Marco Figueroa (Mozilla)
- David Girard (Trend Micro)
- Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk)
- Nick Hamilton (OpenAI)
- Manish Garg (VE3)

## Regrets
- Alon Schindel (Wiz)
- Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel)
- Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard)
- Janice Tse (PayPal)
- Jason Clinton (Anthropic)
- Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX)
- Nabil Hamzi (Logitech)
- Nils Tracy (Blinder)
- Paul Vixie (Amazon)
- Sean Morgan (Protect AI)
- Terrence Driscoll (Cyware)
- Tobias Boelter (Harvey)

## Guests
- Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)
- Jeff Borek (IBM)
- Mitch Hericks (Wiz)
- Christy Hayashi (Blinder on behalf of Nils)
- Mehrin Kiani (Protect AI)
- Sean Lee (Intel)
- Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro)
- Vlad Haltakov (Fr0ntierX)
- Barak Sharoni (Wiz)

## Quorum
- Total PGB members: 27
- Members needed for quorum: 14
- Quorum achieved: 16 members on attendance

## Agenda
- Welcome, new members and establishing quorum
- Short update on Marketing Committee (Kelly)
- Short status update on TSC (JR)
- Finalizing discussions about the CoSAI Policy and Non-Sponsor Engagement Brainstorming document:
  - Public-sector involvement
  - Non-sponsor participation
  - Diverse perspectives


## Meeting Minutes

### New Member Introductions & Updates
- David LaBianca and Omar Santos welcomed new attendees: Vladimir Haltakov, David Girard, Christy Hayashi, Mehrin Kiani, and Josiah Hagen.
- Kelly Cullinane provided an update on the marketing committee:
  - The marketing committee recently held its inaugural meeting with the two newly elected chairs, one from Intel and one from Google. Their first task is to establish a regular meeting schedule.
  - If you are involved with your organization's marketing or can contact your marketing representative, please reach out to them.
  - They are in the process of setting up a Doodle poll to find a time that suits the majority, but we’ve only received two responses so far. Your input would be greatly appreciated to help us finalize the schedule.
  - Many activities are being planned by the marketing committee.
  - Omar Santos suggested for the marketing committee to provide an update to the PGB on an ongoing basis, especially if they need help from the PGB.

###  Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Update
J.R. Rao reported on the TSC status:
- Emphasized the importance of representation from each organization
- Highlighted the need for a shared space for documents
- Stressed the requirement for each member to participate in at least one workstream

### Non-Sponsor Engagement
Omar Santos started the discussion on engaging non-sponsors and the PGB reviewed [the existing document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U-KYxTQIbd5YLUpPNik894f-PVVlUmwHEEmbEqWXzfo/edit?usp=sharing):
- Primary objective: Expand perspectives and expertise within the consortium
- Key points discussed:
  - Align non-sponsor engagement with existing workstreams
  - Determine appropriate level of engagement based on specific needs and objectives
  - Define clear expectations for non-sponsors' participation and benefits

### Public Sector Committee
- Agreement on the need for a committee focused on engaging government agencies and organizations
- David LaBianca suggested developing clear guidelines for:
  - Scope of engagement
  - Specific areas of focus
  - Alignment with overall consortium objectives
- The group agreed on the importance of:
  - Identifying and engaging with critical perspectives
  - Seeking insights from diverse sources including:
    - Academic institutions
    - Researchers
    - Other stakeholders
  - Focusing on gaining unique insights into ethical, social, and technical aspects of AI security

### Action Items
1. Start drafting a governance document for the Public Sector Committee 
2. David and Omar to work on separating the public sector section of [the existing draft document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U-KYxTQIbd5YLUpPNik894f-PVVlUmwHEEmbEqWXzfo/edit?usp=sharing).




