CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes 

## Date: 2 December 2024

**Attendees**: David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), JR Rao (IBM), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Manish Garg (VE3), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX)
Janice Tse (PayPal), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters)

**Regrets:** Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Nabil Hamzi (Logitech), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Josh Harguess (Cranium), James Stewart (TrojAI), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), David Girard (Trend Micro), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Terrence Driscoll (Cyware), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Mislav BalunoviÄ‡ (Invariant Labs), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security), Kapish Vanvaria (EY), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Ashley Roof (Operant), Matan Getz (AIM), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto)

**Guests:** Naji Jackson (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Holly Petersen (OASIS), Barak Sharoni (Wiz) Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), Mehrin Kiani (Protect Ai), Mitch Hericks (Wiz), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Juliana Ball (Intel - Marketing Committee chair), Vinay Bansal (Cisco), Christy Hayashi (Blinder on behalf of Nils Tracy)

_Quorum: 39 PGB members, 20 primary reps needed for quorum, this meeting did not reach quorum_

## Agenda:
* Roll call & Intros 
	* Kevin Ha - Cipher Data
* General Updates
* Marketing Committee Updates
* Update on the TSC & Workstreams
* Exec Steering Committee Update
* Update on the Public Sector Committee

## Meeting Minutes

### Marketing Committee Update:
* Juliana Ball reported that the marketing plan is a work in progress and they welcome feedback. The document was previously shared to the PGB mailing list.
* She also shared that subcommittees have been formed and are beginning to work on their respective areas. 
* The goal is to finalize the marketing plan before the holiday break to align with 2025 goals. 
	* Deadline for PGB review is December 20.

### Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Updates:
 * JR Rao reported on the progress of the three workstreams within the TSC
	 * Workstream 1 (AI Supply Chain Security) is progressing well, utilizing RFC templates and accumulating several documents. 
	 * Workstream 2 is adopting the RFC template and has produced one RFC.
	 * Workstream 3 started later and is behind the others but making progress.  
	* Recent TSC meetings were cancelled due to overlapping workstream meetings. 
	* Marina Zeldin asked about the goals of the workstreams and whether they aim for original content or to leverage existing work. JR Rao clarified that the aim is to build on existing work while addressing specific security concerns from the enterprise consumer perspective

### Executive Committee Update: 
* The executive committee had its first meeting and will focus on three areas: creating a proposal for using the extra premier member dues, crafting a proposal for non-sponsor TSC members, and developing a growth plan. 
* The committee is reviewing a document listing proposed entities, aiming to open a ballot next week after gathering input by the end of this week.

### Public Sector Committee Meeting Announcement: 
* Kelly Cullinane reminded participants about the first meeting of the public sector committee, scheduled for the following Monday.  
* Kelly provided a link to sign up for the mailing list.
