# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes

## Date: 9 July 2024

**Present:** David LaBianca (Google), Jay White (Microsoft), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Omar Santos (CISCO), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), JR Rao (IBM), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Paul Vixie (Amazon - joined at 12:20 PM)

**Regrets:** Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dinesh Manoharan (Intel), Janice Tse (PayPal), 

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Bill Hudson (CISCO), Vinay Bansal (CISCO), Anna Montalat (Amazon), Matt Saner (Amazon- joined at 12:20 PM)

## Agenda
_Convener: Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)_

* Welcome, quorum calculations
  * Quorum is reached with 7 of 12 members present at the start of the meeting
  * Kelly reminds everyone to sign the Entity Contributor License Agreement (eCLA) (eCLA); no access to all working documents without eCLA. OASIS rules require PGB members to sign CLAs.
* Chair/Co-Chair Election 
  * There were two nominations to the mailing list: Dave (Google), Omar ( CISCO)
  * Kelly asked if there are any additional nominations from the floor. JR (IBM) and Jay (Microsoft) were nominated from the floor.
    * All four candidates briefly introduced themselves
  * Kelly conducts a roll call vote
    * Result: David and Omar are appointed Co-Chairs
* Election of Secretaries (optional but recommended)
  * Kelly asked for volunteers, no response
  * This topic will be revisit during a later meeting
* OASIS Overview
  * Kelly briefly explained the publishing process for project specifications and standards
* Review Governance.md 
  * Claudia gives a short overview of the purpose of this document and its main sections
  * Omar suggests that the PGB takes time to review until the end of next week / after the Aspen launch event;  PGB to take a vote after that deadline (21 July)
    * **ACTION ITEM:** PGB members to review the Governance document and add questions and comments in the document
* Vote on initial three Workstreams (see document)
  * Kelly introduces this agenda item
  * David suggests to wait to take a vote on the WS until the governance document is approved 
  * Jason mentions that there are still a couple of open questions that need to be resolved before the vote 
    * **ACTION ITEM:** PGB members to review the WS document and resolve the open questions; will be on the agenda for the PGB meeting in Monday, 15 July
* Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Next Steps
  * Kelly introduces the purpose of the TSC
  * Kelly explains that the TSC can only be established once the Governance is approved. The Governance outlines how the TSC is populated
    * **ACTION ITEM:** PGB members to think about who from their org would be suited for a TSC role. Please add the names to this spreadsheet
* Confirm Meeting Schedule and Conference Bridge
  * David: suggests to keep the Monday meeting time that was previously used for launch planning and WS discussion
    * **ACTION ITEM:** Kelly to send meeting invite
  * David: Offers Google Meet bridge; no decision taken
* AOB
  * David: Gives update on informal conversation with NIST; invites other PGB members to participate in a yet to be scheduled meeting with NIST
  * David: Update on Aspen planning; Marketing group is working on press release, Aspen breakfast and more. 
  * David: more activities to promote CoSAI also during DefCon and Black Hat in August. Follow Marketing mailing list for more info.
  * David: Mentions that there is a gap in terms of global participation, non-US-based PGB members and participants; encourages everyone to think about other orgs that should be included
  * Matt: Suggests to have an overview of who is involved with other orgs and potential groups that do similar or adjacent work
    * David: some of that is happening via the FAQ document
