# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes

## Date: 15 July 2024

**Present:**
- David LaBianca (Google)
- Omar Santos (Cisco)
- Janice Tse (PayPal)
- JR Rao (IBM)
- Prutha Parikh (Cohere)

**Regrets:**
- Jay White (Microsoft)
- Nick Hamilton (OpenAI)
- Jason Clinton (Anthropic)
- Paul Vixie (Amazon)
- Daniel Riedel (GenLab)
- Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA)
- Dinesh Manoharan (Intel)
- Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard)
- Alon Schindel (Wiz)

**Guests:**
- Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)
- Claudia Rauch (OASIS)
- Jeff Borek (IBM)
- Bill Hudson (Cisco)
- Sean Lee (Intel)
- Matt Saner (Amazon)

## Agenda
1. Welcome, quorum calculations (14 PGB members, quorum: 8 in attendance)
2. Discuss PGB Governance Document
3. Discuss Workstreams Document
4. AOB

## Meeting Notes
- Quorum was not reached.
- A question was raised by Prutha Parikh about the detailed governance document. David addressed the question, noting that the governance document is high-level and the TSC will provide further details.
- Prutha also inquired about accelerating the decision process when quorum is not reached at the PGB board meeting. Kelly and Omar mentioned the possibility for voting members to cast their ballots via email to expedite agreement and voting.
- Jeff confirmed that IBMâ€™s eCLA should be signed today.
- We briefly discussed changes and finalizing the Workstreams Document. David shared the document during the call and explained the pending items and questions. A call to action is to finalize the document this week.
- David explained and shared the potential mapping to other external entities such as CSA, FMF, etc.
- J.R. Rao provided an update about a conversation with the Cloud Security Alliance and confirmed their willingness to collaborate with CoSAI.
- J.R. also offered to help with the mapping and work with OpenSSF and other forums.
- Jeffrey mentioned potential conflicts in collaborating with external entities, but David emphasized the need to collaborate and assign ownership of tasks (e.g., OpenSSF owning XYZ and other organizations owning ABC).
- David stressed the importance of creating TSCs and forming TSC governance boards (chairs/co-chairs/maintainers, etc.).
- J.R. offered to reach out to Meta and highlighted further engagement with NIST via government affairs groups.
- Jeffrey highlighted participation in the Aspen Security launch event.
