# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes - Draft

## Date: 22 July 2024

## Attendees:
- **David LaBianca** (Google)
- **Omar Santos** (Cisco)
- **Janice Tse** (PayPal)
- **Paul Vixie** (Amazon)
- **Jason Clinton** (Anthropic)
- **Dinesh Manoharan** (Intel)
- **Jay White** (Microsoft)
- **JR Rao** (IBM)
- **Alon Schindel** (Wiz)

## Regrets:
- **Prutha Parikh** (Cohere)
- **Nick Hamilton** (OpenAI)
- **Daniel Riedel** (GenLab)
- **Daniel Rohrer** (NVIDIA)
- **Dustin Kirkland** (Chainguard)

## Guests:
- **Kelly Cullinane** (OASIS)
- **Claudia Rauch** (OASIS)
- **Jeff Borek** (IBM)
- **Bill Hudson** (Cisco)
- **Sean Lee** (Intel)
- **Matt Saner** (Amazon)
- **Michael Scovetta** (Microsoft)
- **Vinay Bansal** (Cisco)
- **Mitch Herkis** (Wiz)
- **Carol Geyer** (OASIS)

**Quorum:** 14 PGB members, 8 needed for quorum

## Agenda
1. Welcome and establishing quorum
2. Proposing modification to the language in the Governance document regarding the TSC section
3. Proposed modification for TSC language
4. Proposal: Establishing an Executive Steering Committee
5. Outreach to other stakeholders

## Meeting Notes

### 1. Welcome and Establishing Quorum
- Quorum was confirmed with 14 members present, exceeding the required 8 for quorum.

### 2. Proposed Modification for TSC Language
- **Current Language:** "All sponsoring organizations have the option for one TSC representative."
- **Proposed Change:** "Premier Sponsors and Founding Sponsors will have the option for one TSC Representative."
  - **Action for OASIS Legal Counsel:** Review the proposed language.
  - **Action for OASIS Staff (pending legal review):** Start an online ballot to vote on the modification of the TSC section.

### 3. Proposal: Establishing an Executive Steering Committee (ESC)
- **Proposal:** The Executive Steering Committee shall be composed of Premier sponsors and Founding Members of the CoSAI PGB. This structure will be re-evaluated after one year. The Chair(s) of the Executive Steering Committee will be the same as the Chairs of the PGB.
  - **Action for OASIS Legal Counsel:** Review the proposed language.

### 4. Outreach to Other Stakeholders
- Strategies for engaging government entities, academic institutions, and other relevant organizations were discussed.
- **Policy:** LaBianca emphasized the need for clarity on OASIS’s policy regarding participation from non-private entities. J.R. Rao, Kelly Cullinane, and Carol Geyer confirmed OASIS's openness to participation from both private and public entities.

### Additional Meeting Notes

- **TSC Membership and Governance Document:**
  - The PGB discussed the successful launch of the open project and proposed limiting TSC membership to founding and premier members, with a review option in the future.
  - **Proposed Text Changes:**
    - **Current:** "All sponsoring organizations have the option for one TSC representative."
    - **Proposed:** "Premier Sponsors and Founding Sponsors will have the option for one TSC Representative."
  - **Proposed Establishing an ESC:** The ESC will consist of Premier sponsors and Founding Members, with the structure to be reviewed after one year. PGB chairs will serve as ESC chairs.

- **Concerns and Considerations:**
  - Dinesh Manoharan expressed concerns about potential growth and suggested exploring alternative constraints.
  - David LaBianca proposed considering a time-based constraint or transitioning to workstream-specific TSCs.

- **Executive Steering Committee (ESC):**
  - LaBianca proposed creating an ESC composed of premier and founding sponsors to facilitate decision-making. This committee will be reevaluated after one year, with PGB chairs serving as ESC chairs.
  - Concerns about the ESC becoming excessively large were raised by Manoharan, who suggested reevaluating membership criteria.

- **Engagement with External Organizations:**
  - Strategies for engaging government entities, academic institutions, and other organizations were discussed.
  - LaBianca emphasized the need for clarity on OASIS’s policy regarding non-private entities. Rao, Cullinane, and Geyer confirmed OASIS's openness to participation from both private and public sectors.

- **Glossaries and Taxonomy:**
  - Jeffrey Borek highlighted the importance of a shared understanding of terminology.
  - LaBianca proposed integrating terminology into the AI Risk Governance workstream. Rao suggested creating internal and external glossaries for OASIS-specific and broader AI-related terminology.

- **Workstream Progress and TSC Membership:**
  - Progress of workstreams and finalization of TSC membership were addressed.
  - **Action:** LaBianca encouraged members to submit their proposed TSC representatives and select TSC chairs. A vote on the TSC charter and establishing a clear process for TSC decision-making was proposed.

- **DEF CON Red Team Village Panel:**
  - **Announcement:** Omar Santos announced an upcoming event at DEF CON.
  - **Suggestion:** LaBianca suggested a happy hour gathering for members attending the event.

- **Collaboration and Outreach:**
  - LaBianca emphasized the need for continued outreach and engagement with stakeholders like the EU and Meta.
  - Strategies for increasing participation and building relationships with potential members were discussed.

- **Overlapping Initiatives:**
  - The potential for overlap with initiatives such as the AI Alliance, OpenSSF, and FMF was addressed.
  - **Introduction:** LaBianca introduced a document outlining potential areas for collaboration.

## Next Steps
- Obtain legal review of proposed governance document modifications.
- Finalize workstream comments.

