# CoSAI PGB Meeting

## Date: 8 September 2025 --DRAFT

**Present:**
1. David LaBianca (Google)  
2. Omar Santos (Cisco)  
3. Marina Zeldin (Dell)  
4. Nidhi Aggarwal (HackerOne)  
5. Rob Michel (Lenovo) \- left at 28 past hour  
6. Matt Saner (Amazon)  
7. Jason Clinton (Anthropic)   
8. Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel)  
9. JR Rao (IBM)   
10. Nicholas Butts (Microsoft)  
11. David Girard (Trend Micro)  
12. James Stewart (TrojAI)   
13. Priyanka Tembey (Operant) \- joined 20 mins late

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Casey Hall (Cisco), Joy Medellin (TrendMicro), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Jeff Borek (IBM alternate),

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Konstantin Böttinger (Fraunhofer AISEC), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Manish Garg (VE3), Manoj Parmar (Sovereign AISecurity), Markus Sosnowski (TUM), Matan Getz (AIM), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Prutha Parikh (Cohere) , Sarah Liang (EY), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Vidyut Naware (PayPal), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

*Quorum: 41 PGB members, 30 are currently eligible to vote and count towards quorum: 16 needed for quorum*

## Agenda
* Next steps for PSC  
* Short discussion about [Jason's strategy update](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1th4o7t4Ci-zj9lwXp0xRiacTbn-TiKZoB3R4Kf8q2FE/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.nuk475im3iva)  
* TSC update  
* Marketing Committee update  
  * Metrics Dashboard Overview  
* AOB

## Notes

* **New Member and Co-Chair Introductions** Nidhi Aggarwal from HackerOne was introduced as a new PGB member. Casey and Joy were also introduced as the new marketing committee co-chairs.

* **Public Sector Steering Committee (PSC)** David and Omar discussed the Public Sector Steering Committee (PSC), concluding there was no longer a need for it given the current landscape and priorities. Omar emphasized that it was time to dissolve the PSC and focus on areas with immediate impact, with no objections raised.

* **Feedback on Jason Clinton's Strategy Document** Jason presented his strategy document, highlighting the need for more ambitious workstreams to address the evolving AI landscape. David encouraged attendees to share the document internally within their organizations to gather diverse feedback and foster conversation.

  * Omar supported Jason’s document, emphasizing its value as a "reality check" for workstreams and the collective group to rethink security focuses. He stressed the need for rapid action to keep pace with AI developments.

  * Nicholas found Jason's paper useful but raised concerns about balancing messaging, particularly regarding AI's impact on the workforce and anthropomorphism. Marina suggested publishing the document externally as a vision statement, which David supported, provided that a clear disclaimer about multiple views is added.

  * David discussed the need to quickly decide whether to release it as a blog post or paper, noting that the latter would require a formal vote under current governance rules. 

  * Kelly added that proposed governance modifications to speed up processes would be shared with the executive steering committee soon.

  * Nidhi suggested the document should provide a roadmap for the future of AI security, accommodating various company types and levels of AI adoption. Matt emphasized the need for a clear "so what" in the publication, outlining what CoSAI work streams and the industry should do. Marina proposed presenting the paper as CoSAI's vision externally and using it as an internal north star for work stream investments.

* **AI Alliance Collaboration Opportunity** Jeff discussed a potential collaboration between the AI Alliance and CoSAI to prevent duplication of effort in the trust and safety space, which is complementary to security. David indicated interest in understanding the nature of the proposed collaboration and requested a written proposal from Jeff for further discussion.

* **TSC Update** J.R. provided an update from the TSC, noting progress on several quick-turnaround "P0" papers, including a draft on signing and attestation of models, an incident response document, and work on MCP security. He mentioned a forthcoming paper on agentic identity from workstream 4 and anticipated release dates around mid and late September.

* **Workstream 3 Restart and Goals** Marina inquired about the charter for WS3, which is restarting. David explained that WS3 is focusing on restructuring the risk map and codifying a data set for controls, risks, and threats, with secure AI tooling as a key output. 

* **CoSAI Social Media Dashboard** Casey presented a dashboard showing CoSAI mentions across social media and news, highlighting a spike in February due to awards recognition. He noted that news sites and Twitter are the primary sources of mentions and that sentiment analysis, while improving, should be interpreted with caution. Casey offered the dashboard as a resource for the marketing committee and other members.

  * David discussed the need for an evolving marketing strategy beyond social media, considering one-on-one meetings and group discussions to track value. Omar emphasized the importance of creating reusable content like webinars and harmonized messaging. Joy inquired about existing repositories of past messaging, which Jane and Ingrid confirmed were available.

## Next Steps and Action Items

* David will ensure the PR results for the SAIF donation are correct.  
* David will send the information about the WS3 charter and the new workstream effort to Marina.  
* Jeff will write a proposal about what a cross-collaboration between the AI Alliance and CoSAI would look like.  
* The OASIS team will review comments on governance modifications and draft text to share at the next Executive Steering Committee meeting.  
* OASIS Team will socialize the WS3 co-chair profiles with the TSC and then open a ballot a day or two after that.  
* By Friday, the group will wrap up all edits to Jason’s document and decide whether the document will be published as a blog post, blog post and paper, or just a paper, to then kick off a full majority vote or lazy consensus call on Monday.

