# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

## Date: 07 April 2025

**Attendees:** David LaBianca (Google), Sarah Novotny (GenLab),  Marina Zeldin (Dell), David Girard (Trend Micro), Omar Santos (Cisco), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Rob Michel (Lenovo), JR Rao (IBM), Manish Garg (VE3), Janice Tse (PayPal),  Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Joseph Nicastro (Legit Security) 

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Kapish Vanvaria (EY), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Matan Getz (AIM), Mislav Balunović (Invariant Labs), Nabil Hamzi (Logitech),Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), Terrence Driscoll (Cyware), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Juliana Ball (Marketing Committee co-chair), Barak Sharoni (Wiz), Holly Petersen (OASIS), Jeff Borek (IBM)

*Quorum: 43 PGB members, 22 needed for quorum – 15 in attendance*

## Agenda

* Review the remaining budget proposal, [budget tracker here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CuGRUNmF1jsNe-4329-vbDWGAkbgsqKjfj7fl3_LGuI/edit?usp=sharing).  
* Potential RSA Meet up  
* PGB Voting; Discussion on potential standing rules  
* Update on editor for WS papers  
* WS3 update / TSC update  
* OWASP Update  
* PSC Update  
  * Continued discussion of potential policy workshop

### Meeting Notes

* **Update on Editor for Workstream Papers:**   
  * David updated the group on the selection process for a technical editor for workstream papers.  
  * Ingrid confirmed a meeting will be scheduled with a candidate.   
  * Potential usage of LLMs for editing purposes.  
  * The main goal is to achieve a consistent voice and framing across the papers.  
* **Workstream 3 Update:**  
  * David informs the group that due to a change in Lauren's role she had to step down as WS3 lead. David Klieman from IBM is now the sole lead for Workstream 3\.   
  * David LaBianca joined as a supplementary co-lead to support David K.  
  * They plan to recruit another co-lead and seek additional participants with relevant security risk governance experience from the PGB.   
  * They also created several RFCs for sub-workstreams   
    * ACTION: David will send an email to the PGB requesting suggestions for additional participants in Workstream 3 (Security Risk Governance), prioritizing individuals with experience in security risk governance.  
* **TSC Update:**  
  * J.R. reported on the analysis of frameworks from different workstreams, noting the repetition of security issues across the landscape papers  
  * The TSC co-chairs proposed creating a repository of artifacts (frameworks, policies) across the workstreams   
  * They also want to revise the existing drafts for the WS landscape papers to shorten them, present an opinionated viewpoint on each respective focus area, and point to the artifact repository.    
  * Claudia and Kelly will advise on naming conventions for the artifact repo, potentially leveraging existing TC conventions.  
  * Workstream 1 & 2 Updates:   
    *  Workstream 1 is focusing on machine-readable model cards and model signing/attestation.   
    * Workstream 2 is working on threat modeling, zero trust, and incident response, with a request to refine their scope.  
* **SAIF Risk Map and Assessment Donation:**  
  * David provided an update on the imminent donation of Google's SAIF Risk Map and Assessment to OASIS and CoSAI, pending one final legal approval.   
  * It will be published under Apache 2 and/or CC BY 4.0 licenses.  A vanilla re-implementation of the website app will also be included.  
* **Workstream 4 Kickoff:**   
  * Sarah reported on the kickoff of Workstream 4, utilizing lessons learned from Workstreams 1 and 2 and encouraging participation through framing documents.  A second meeting is scheduled for this week.  
* **Marketing Budget Tracker and Voting:**   
  * David reminded the group about the budget tracker, stating that voting on remaining items will begin this week.   
  * A monolithic vote will cover all remaining budget items.  
    * ACTION: David to update the budget tracker to reflect approved and completed budget items.  
    * ACTION: PGB co-chairs and OASIS staff to create ballot to approve the remaining budget  
* **PBG voting and proposal of Standing rules:**  
  * Due to low voting participation, David and Omar [proposed three standing rules](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VLJ92aMI1KypHSgeXuCCQq03LDEBU54wLaJC0obbdw4/edit?usp=sharing) to improve quorum.  
  * Claudia adds that other projects at OASIS have similar standing rules and use them to good effect.  
  * David showed a spreadsheet showing participation and attendance to solicit feedback. This spreadsheet will be moved to the PGB folder  
    * ACTION: David and Omar to send email with Standing Rules proposal to the PGB list for review and feedback  
    * ACTION: PGB Co-Chairs and OASIS staff to create a ballot to approve the standing rules  
* **OWASP Update:**   
  * David shared positive feedback received regarding COSAI's proposal for OWASP to join the TSC as the first non-sponsor. He and Omar are anticipating a positive outcome and will schedule a meeting to finalize details.  
* **RSA Conference Update:**    
  * David reminded the group of the [upcoming RSA conference](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/cosai-pgb/message/410) and asked people to share if they are attending and if their companies host any events.   
  * David also announced that there will be a technical CoSAI session by the TSC members Ian Brelinsky from Open AI and Josiah Hagen from Trend Micro  
  * Juliana, co-chair of the CoSAI Marketing committee, provided an update on the COSAI booth, and asks for volunteers to help man the booth  
* **Public Sector Steering Committee (PSC) Update:**    
  * David discussed the PSC's slower-than-expected progress and suggested engaging with NIST's CSF AI profile as a potential catalyst for momentum.   
  * Jeff said he will collaborate with Nils to create a straw man proposal for engagement with NIST and a draft mission statement for the PSC.    
* **Policy Workshop Proposal:**    
  * David initiated a discussion on a potential one-day workshop for policy representatives from member organizations to explore a potential policy element within COSAI. The goal is to gauge interest and determine future needs.   
  * He emphasized this workshop is informal and does not automatically create a new workstream or committee  
  * *Note: As previously discussed, any and all potential policy discussions will **remain separate and distinct from the Public Sector Steering Committee**. The PGB will determine the right organizational structure for any requested follow-ups depending on the outcomes of the policy workshop.*   
    * ACTION: David and Omar will organize a workshop for policy representatives from PGB member companies to discuss the potential for a policy element within CoSAI. An introductory email will be sent to PGB members to distribute to their policy teams.

