# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes

## Date: 05 May 2025

**Attendees:** 
1. David Girard (Trend Micro),   
2. David LaBianca (Google),   
3. Dhaval Parekh (Zscaler),   
4. Kevin Ha (CipherData),   
5. Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel),   
6. Marc Fischer (Invariant Labs),  
7. Jason Clinton (Anthropic),   
8. Omar Santos (Cisco),   
9. Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters),   
10. Marina Zeldin (Dell),   
11. Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI),  
12.  Prutha Parikh (Cohere),   
13. Tobias Boelter (Harvey),  
14. Geoff Bibby (Snyk)  
15. Janice Tse (Paypal)  
16. JR Rao (IBM)  
17. Manish Garg (VE3),  
18. Priyanka Tembey (Operant),

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Elad Schulman (Lasso Security),  Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Kapish Vanvaria (EY), , Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer),  Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Matan Getz (AIM), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks), Nabil Hamzi (Logitech), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), Terrence Driscoll (Cyware), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Vincent Danen (Red Hat)

**Guests:** Juliana Ball (Intel), Rita Petti (OASIS), Kelly (OASIS), Claudia (OASIS), Ingrid (OASIS), Grant Empey (Opal Security), Scott Kelso (Lenovo), Jeff Borek (IBM), Jane (OASIS),  
Jeff Borek (IBM)

*Quorum: 45 PGB members, 23 needed for quorum â€“ 18 members present*

## Agenda

* Standing rules ballot  
* Update to the team about RSA presentations, events, and other activities  
* OWASP collaboration status  
* Workstream updates (including the status of the papers)  
* Next steps for the policy-focused workshop  
* AOB

## Meeting Notes

* **Welcome and introduction of new PGB members**  
  * Mark Fischer, Invariant Labs replacing previous rep, Mislav  
  * Scott Kelso, Lenovo, who is the alternate to Rob Michael  
  * Geoff Bibby, representing new Premier member Snyk  
* **OWASP Onboarding Status**  
  * David informed the group that OWASP has some concerns related to the membership agreement in order to join as the first non-sponsor TSC member. OASIS staff is working with David and Omar to resolve these issues.  
* **Standing Rules Ballot**   
  * David stated that the goal is to close the objection period for [the proposed standing rules](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VLJ92aMI1KypHSgeXuCCQq03LDEBU54wLaJC0obbdw4/edit?usp=sharing) by Wednesday or Thursday of the current week, followed by a full majority vote. These rules are based on existing OASIS rules to help manage voting and quorum complexities. The standing rules proposal was discussed in the previous PGB meeting and shared to the PGB mailing list.  
* **RSA Conference Update**  
  * Jane reported that the CoSAI booth at RSA was a success and received many visitors. Several CoSAI activities, including sponsor-hosted events occurred, and two presentations on CoSAI had significant attendance. Jane is compiling a recap report and requested photos and quotes from attendees to support future outreach. An email to the PGB list will follow.  
* **Workstream Updates**  
  * J.R. provided a short update on the four workstreams. Workstreams 1 and 2 are progressing with their sub-workstreams after completing their landscape papers. Workstream 3's leadership has seen some changes, but direction is being provided. Workstream 4 is active with new co-chairs.  
* **Status of Landscape Papers**   
  * J.R. explained that the initial landscape papers showed writing inconsistencies. Akila and J.R. have been editing them, with the first draft of workstream 1's paper complete and shared with David LaBianca and Omar Santos for review before being presented to the TSC and PGB. Workstream 2's paper is being condensed, with content moving to a common repository of artifacts.  
* **Common Artifact Repository**  
  * J.R. highlighted the creation of a common repository for frameworks and regulations, located in the TSC subfolder on GitHub. He also requested help in maintaining and updating this repository.  
* **SAIF Donation**  
  * David announced that Google is very close to making a pull request for their donated content. A name needs to be chosen for the repository, with a poll going to workstream three, followed by TSC and PGB approval. The donation might reside under the artifacts repository, to be discussed further.  
* **Policy-focused Workshop**   
  * David discussed a proposed workshop for policy representatives from PGB member organizations to discuss CoSAI-related policy challenges and potential engagement. They will work asynchronously via email to determine the best timing and framing for this workshop.   
* **Public Sector Committee (PSC)**  
  * Marina inquired about the progress of the Public Sector Committee. David explained that the PSC co-chairs Jeff and Niels are working to provide an update on the charter and engagement with standards groups, with a need to identify an initial focus area. This will likely be discussed at the next PSC meeting.  
* **Global Engagement \- India Outreach**  
  * David announced a formal initiative to engage potential new sponsor members in India, aiming to establish a global footprint. The goal is to find contacts and relationships in India and Asia that align with the current CoSAI membership model.
