# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes

# Date: 02 June 2025 -- DRAFT

**Present:** David LaBianca (Google), Marc Fischer (Invariant Labs), Manish Garg (VE3), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Omar Santos (Cisco), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Sachin Jade (Cyware), Rob Michel (Lenovon), Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), David Girard (Trend Micro), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), JR Rao (IBM), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Marina Zeldin (Dell \- joined 30 min. in), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft \- for a couple of minutes),

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security), Kapish Vanvaria (EY), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Matan Getz (AIM), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks), Nabil Hamzi (Logitech), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Vidyut Naware (PayPal),

**Guests:**  
Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Matt Saner (Amazon), Akila Srinivasan (TSC co-chair), Sarah Liang (EY), Nikita Jain (Marketing Committee co-chair), Jeff Borek (IBM), Scott Kelso (Lenovo)

*Quorum: 45 PGB members, 23 needed for quorum –*

## Agenda

* Notice about new [Standing Rules](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/STANDING-RULES.md) coming into effect  
* (new) WS1 document review period is ending this week  
* Discussion of two events for the policy session   
* [WS3 call for participation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kS9tw8UEc3RTCV6mSM6D4p0FsVbIwPv55PJpDmnLVcU/edit?usp=sharing)   
* PSC next steps  
* Update on CoSAI support of code-based artifacts discussion  
* AOB
## 
## Summary

* **Welcome and Introductions** 

  * David welcomed everyone and new member Sachin Jade from Thyware introduced themself as the Chief Product Officer, expressing enthusiasm to participate in discussions around AI.

* **Standing Rules in Effect**

  * David announced that the standing rules had passed and are now in effect, including formal attendance tracking. Claudia provided a synopsis in the meeting notes as a reminder, covering topics like voting rights and participation.

* **Non-attendance and voting rights:** If you are absent for 3 consecutive meetings (without announcing a leave of absence), you will lose your voting rights at the end of the 3rd meeting. You can regain those rights by declaring your wish to vote again and attending two consecutive meetings.  
* **Persistent non-voting membership:** You can change your role to persistent non-voting PGB member by sending an email to the PGB mailing list. You can regain those rights by declaring your wish to vote again and attending two consecutive meetings.  
* **Leave of Absence:** You can declare one leave per year. The leave shall not exceed 45 days. You can declare this leave by sending an email to the PGB mailing list, prior to your absence. Your voting rights will resume immediately when the Leave ends, upon any activity (including activity on the PGB mailing list) in the PGB, or earlier if requested.

* **Upcoming Vote on WS1 Document** 

  * David reminded the group about the upcoming call for objections on the WS 1 Landscape paper, which will start on Friday, June 6 following the 2 week review period. He encouraged members to provide comments and feedback on the document, even after publication, to inform future work.

* **Public Sector Committee on Hold**

  * David proposed putting the PSC on hold due to a lack of artifacts and a clear direction. This pause would last until either the end of August or the publication of two significant artifacts, at which point the PGB will re-evaluate the committee's purpose. 

  * J.R. supported this, noting the current state of flux within US public sector entities like NIST.

  *  Omar suggested documenting the re-evaluation timeframe in the minutes.

* **Policy Update and Fall Event Planning** 

  * David initiated a discussion about a policy event in the fall, focusing on opportunities in DC. Event options mentioned included the Billington Cyber Security Summit in early September, AI World Week in October, and Cyber Week in October. 

  * The group agreed to poll members on their policy teams' interest, preferred timing (late Q3/early Q4), and preference for in-person (DC) or remote participation.

  *  J.R. mentioned the Aspen Security Forum in July as another relevant event.

* **Workstream 3 Call for Renewed Participation** 

  * David highlighted new [call for participation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kS9tw8UEc3RTCV6mSM6D4p0FsVbIwPv55PJpDmnLVcU/edit?usp=sharing) in Workstream 3, emphasizing the need for co-leads and individuals passionate about the intersection of security risk, AI security risk, and AI risk.

  * The document seeks to clarify the expertise needed, including coding experience relevant to an open-source project. Feedback is requested on the structure of the call for participation for potential use in other workstreams. 

* **Consideration of Non-Document Outputs (Tools)**   
  * David opened a discussion about expanding CoSAI’s outputs beyond documents to include tools and code, aligning with the charter. 

  * This is an initial exploration of what "tools" could mean, ranging from code on GitHub to instantiated tools or services. The rationale would be to address underserved areas and accelerate the adoption of secure AI practices.

  * David stated that the next step involves workstreams providing one or two examples of how tools could significantly enhance their delivery compared to documents alone. 

  * Potential examples include code for automated model data cards or a threat modeling tool mentioned by Josiah in WS 2\. The TSC will then formulate a proposal for the PGB regarding potential tool development.

  * Rob raised concerns about intellectual property rights related to tool development by member organizations. Omar clarified that contributors sign an ICLA ensuring open IPR through OASIS, protecting members, and that companies can opt out of contributing if conflicts exist. 

  * Claudia and Omar offered to provide more information on contributor license agreements and open-source licenses.

  * David explained that the aim is to reference implementations or tools that facilitate getting started, always under open-source licenses like Apache V2.

  * Marina inquired about the definition of "tools," asking if it includes recommendations on technologies and protocols or specific software examples. David reiterated that the definition is still open for discussion within the TSC and workstreams. The current focus is on the broader question of whether to move towards including code or tool implementations alongside documents.

* **Accelerating Pace and Impact in AI Security** 

  * J.R. emphasized the urgency of moving faster in AI security, suggesting CoSAI could aim to be the "IETF for AI" by providing definitive tools and frameworks. He noted the rapid pace of AI development and the need to overcome "human latency" in standards creation. 

  * J.R. proposed potentially breaking down larger workstreams to accelerate progress in specific areas like agentic identity and red teaming. David agreed on the need to find ways to move faster while maintaining member consensus.

  * Daniel Riedel challenged the concept of "human in the loop" as a flawed best practice for AI, suggesting that design principles should assume humans will be removed. He proposed the idea of governed AI systems where multiple AI agents achieve consensus on policy, rather than relying on guardrails. 

  * Jason echoed the potential of using AI to accelerate all aspects of CoSAI’s work, referencing a rapid report generation using AI. Omar agreed on the necessity of leveraging AI in CoSAI’s processes.

  * J.R. Rao stressed the need for a structured approach to discussing AI-driven acceleration within the TSC.
## 
  ## Action Items and Next Steps
* The group to inform David and Omar of alternative dates or events for engaging policy members.  
* PGB members to review the WS1 landscape paper  
* PGB members to review the WS3 call for participation
