# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

## Date: 03 March 2025

**Attendees:** David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), David Girard (Trend Micro), JR Rao (IBM), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Joseph Nicastro (Legit Security), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), 

**Regrets:**  Alon Schindel (Wiz), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard),  Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), James Stewart (TrojAI), Janice Tse (PayPal), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Kapish Vanvaria (EY), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Manish Garg (VE3), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Matan Getz (AIM), Mislav Balunović (Invariant Labs), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Nabil Hamzi (Logitech), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Terrence Driscoll (Cyware), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), 

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS) Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Juliana Ball (Intel), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Vinay Bansal (Cisco), Matt Saner (Amazon), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Holly Petersen (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS), Scott Kelso (Lenovo)

**Quorum:** 40 PGB members, 21 primary reps needed for quorum

## Agenda

**Primary Agenda**

* **Reminder:** Approval processes for **CoSAI-branded** events, blog posts, presentations, papers, or any other artifact / vehicle that creates the impression of CoSAI support for a position  
* **Items from ExSC**  
  * **Update:** Dues Pooling (9 of 11 *approved*, 1 *no-response*, 1 *no-current-board-member*)...   
    * We will be moving forward with pooling for all nine premier members with **yes responses**  
  * **Discussion**: Reactive-only Policy Committee  
    * Given the changing landscape we have a request to re-discuss the potential for a CoSAI policy committee  
    * The committee, by design, would exist as a **Reactive-only** **Policy committee** staffed by **policy specialists-only** with the following mission:  
      * Pre-established policy specialist group ready to pull together a joint CoSAI position *when needed*  
    * *Note: the initial request was briefly discussed at ExSC, on Feb 20, 2025, and the consensus was that there had been enough change, since our initial policy discussions and decision making, to bring this as a discussion to full PGB*  
  * **Discussion**: FMV voting and *quickly* getting everyone to vote  
    * We discussed the challenges with getting our existing 40+ members to vote in FMV situations  
    * We identified some issues with the existing voting tools and would like to expand the discussion to garner more insight  
  * **Discussion**: Public Sector items  
    * We quickly discussed skipping the current administration's AI RFI as out-of-scope for CoSAI  
    * We also discussed the pending NIST work on a CSF AI profile  
      * We’d like to continue the discussion with the full PGB and determine if we have general consensus that the PSC should come up with a plan for engaging…  
  * **Discussion:** Finding other open source community items we should be adopting or reinforcing  
    * Call for members to highlight more opportunities for CoSAI to reinforce or adopt other open source elements (from members or elsewhere) that will enhance our delivery  
    * Quick insight into an upcoming open source AI risk iconography   
  * **Discussion:** Workstream participation… How are we doing?   
    * How do we get more participation (not solely attendance) in our workstreams by members  
    * How do we evaluate our workstream engagement(s) (KPIs, etc)  
  * **Non-Sponsors:**   
    * We would like to propose our first non-sponsor member in the CoSAI TSC  
    * We will discuss the proposed entity and the opportunity it represents  
  * **Workstreams**  
    * Additional **call for action** from PGB members for "engaged participants" for WS4   
  * **Update** on RSAC '25 PGB/TSC meet-up opportunity from co-chairs

**Committee Updates**

* **Update** from TSC co-chairs on upcoming artifact approvals process and timeline  
* **Update** from Marketing on   
  * Marketing committee budget needs  
* Calls for volunteers for events  
* **Update** from PSC on next steps and current approach

### Meeting Minutes

* **Introductions and Welcome of New Members:**   
  * New PGB members Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Dan Carroll (Cranium)  introduced themselves to the group  
* **Update from Executive Steering Committee:**  
  * Dues Pooling Update:   
    * David LaBianca reported that nine out of eleven premier members approved dues pooling, simplifying the process of allocating funds. Two members haven't responded yet, and their dues will remain individually discretionary. The approval process for using pooled dues remains unchanged.  
  * Full Majority Voting (FMV) Challenges: 	  
    * David LaBianca highlighted challenges in achieving sufficient participation in FMV. He sought feedback on improving voter participation and considered alternative methods to the current voting tool.  
  * Public Sector items:  
    * NIST CSF AI Profile Engagement: David LaBianca proposed engaging in NIST's CSF AI profile work. He noted that the initiative aligns with CoSAI's goals and could be a good opportunity for collaborative engagement . Omar Santos and J.R. Rao expressed support, while J.R. Rao acknowledged potential team churn as a factor to consider. Daniel Rohrer suggested a measured approach based on resource availability.  
* **CoSAI Marketing Committee governance and event participation:**  
  *  David LaBianca discussed potential updates to CoSAI's marketing committee governance to clarify the process for representing CoSAI at external events.   
  * Suggested updates include a week's advance notice for slide submissions, to be reviewed by both OASIS staff and Exec. St. Committee members, as well as visibility for the PGB. He also proposed pre-panel meetings with the PGB co-chairs for speaker for alignment and shared marketing materials for less formal engagements .    
  * He clarified that all CoSAI presentations must adhere to CoSAI's narrative and avoid disparaging other members.  Omar Santos reinforced the importance of clear guidelines and providing accessible materials.  
    * ACTION: David LaBianca and Omar Santos will share a proposal for updating the CoSAI marketing committee governance document to clarify the process for external activities  
* **Reactive-Only Policy Committee:**   
  * David LaBianca initiated a discussion on establishing a reactive-only policy committee to address urgent security policy matters.    
  * Omar Santos suggested a virtual workshop to explore this topic further  
  * Daniel Rohrer questioned the credibility of CoSAI as a policy voice and suggested a measured, reactive approach.  
  * J.R. Rao agreed with starting with a workshop focused on identifying issues, common ground, and disagreements.   
* **Leveraging Existing Open Source Resources and Creating a Glossary:**   
  * David LaBianca proposed two initiatives: leveraging existing open-source resources and creating a CoSAI glossary of terms for securing AI.  
  * J.R. Rao highlighted the value of establishing consistent terminology, while Dan Carroll suggested an index of open-source consortiums.   
  * Vincent Danen emphasized avoiding unnecessary duplication of effort.   
  * The board concluded that focusing on a central, easily accessible view of existing resources would be beneficial.  
* **Formalizing OWASP as a Non-Sponsor:**   
  * David LaBianca presented a proposal to formally invite OWASP as a non-sponsor member to the TSC, highlighting the potential for collaboration and diverse viewpoints.  
  * Matthew Saner supported the proposal, suggesting that including the expectations for the non-sponsor is important.  
  * David LaBianca affirmed that inviting OWASP wouldn't preclude inviting other organizations.   
  * A timeline for voting was proposed by Omar Santos and finalized with a Wednesday opening and Friday closing.  
    * ACTION: David LaBianca and Omar Santos will prepare and submit a formal proposal to include OWASP as a non-sponsor member in the TSC, followed by a Full Majority Vote  
      * Note: Upon further review of the CoSAI governance documents \- approval will be executed via a consensus / call for objections vote  
* **TSC Updates and Workstream Participation:**  
  * David LaBianca reiterated the need for member companies to actively participate in the work streams and to nominate appropriate individuals for the new WS4.   
  * J.R. Rao provided an update on the progress of the three landscape papers, planning to discuss them in an upcoming TSC meeting.   
  * The possibility of using pooled dues to source an editor for the papers was also discussed.  
    * ACTION: David LaBianca, Omar Santos, and J.R. Rao will discuss securing an editor for the WS landscape papers  
* **Updates from PSC and Marketing committees**
  * No time left for other updates.


