# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes

## Date: 03 February 2025

**Attendees:** David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), JR Rao (IBM), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Manish Garg (VE3), Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Marina Zeldin (Dell)

**Regrets:** Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard),  Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), James Stewart (TrojAI), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Kapish Vanvaria (EY), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Matan Getz (AIM), Mislav Balunović (Invariant Labs), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters**)**,  Nabil Hamzi (Logitech), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Terrence Driscoll (Cyware), Josh Harguess (Cranium), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Janice Tse (PayPal), David Girard (Trend Micro) Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Sean Morgan (Protect AI)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS) Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Jeff Borek (IBM), Juliana Ball (Intel), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Vinay Bansal (Cisco), Rita Petti (OASIS), Barak Sharoni (Wiz), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic)

**Quorum:** 39 PGB members, 20 primary reps needed for quorum, 16 members in attendance 

## Agenda:

* Proposal to rename WS3 to AI Security Risk Governance (see diff: [https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/commit/c166ec68931e096defb7ad6afffa802896eed31f](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/commit/c166ec68931e096defb7ad6afffa802896eed31f))   
* Updates on WS publishing approach from TSC and PGB chairs  
* Events call for action (marketing co-chairs or Jane)  
* Quick discussion of WS4 planning   
  * self-nomination of co-chairs will start on tuesday and go thru next tuesday  
  * note from TSC and PGB co-chairs about how much work is required for this role.  
  * Planned dates for handing this to the TSC for their expansion (immediately?)  
  * Discussion of the dissenting feedback (anon unless people want to share)  
* Any other business from the sub-committees  
* Update from Omar on plans for "plans" for work with OWASP 


## Meeting Minutes

**Introductions and New Members**

* Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS) Program Manager focusing on CoSAI   
* Rita Petti (OASIS) The new Director of Business Development & Partnerships, replacing Carol.

**Workstream 3 Renaming**

* David LaBianca presented the [proposal](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/commit/c166ec68931e096defb7ad6afffa802896eed31f) to rename Workstream 3 to "AI Security Risk Governance" to better reflect the WS focus.  This is a precision-of-wording change, not a substantive alteration of the workstream's goals. The plan is to finalize the renaming process offline, confirming approval through the board.

**Premier Dues Pooling:** 

* David LaBianca and Omar Santos reported that the email which went out last week to premier members received one positive response with no objections. They plan to formally discuss the proposal at the next Executive Steering Committee Meeting.  
  *   Fundamentally for those who agree to pull will pull and will exclude those who don’t want to pull.   
  *  There is a use it or lose it clock which is a year.

**Publication of Workstream Papers**

* J.R. Rao announced that the three workstreams are preparing landscape papers to share their work publicly. These papers will be hosted on GitHub as living documents, updated via pull requests. The goal is transparency, with rolling updates rather than stable releases.

**Use of AI in Work Product**

* J.R. Rao and others discussed the use of AI, specifically LLMs, in drafting workstream documents. They found that AI tools were best used for research and outlining, requiring significant human oversight.    
* Kelly Cullinane stated that Oasis is developing an internal policy encouraging disclosure of AI tool usage in CoSAI work products with an emphasis that human review is crucial for intellectual property considerations.   
* Omar Santos noted the Oasis board’s responsibility for addressing broader AI usage in the development of standards.

**Workstream 4 Launch and Co-chair Selection**

* David LaBianca and Omar Santos provided an update that the vote to create Workstream 4 \- Secure Design Patterns for Agentic Systems has passed. They are planning to open the call for self-nominations for co-chairs this Wednesday and work with Akila Srinivasan and J.R. Rao to prepare launch documents. They emphasized the significant time commitment required of co-chairs. Omar Santos echoed the need to improve the voting process for future co-chair selections.  
  * **ACTION:**  OASIS Staff  to open the call for WS-4 co-leads and work Akila and JR to prepare launch documents.  
  * **ACTION:**  David and Omar to do a blog related to WS4  
  * **ACTION:**  Solicit feedback on dissenting votes

**Marketing Updates and Events:** 

* Juliana Ball shared the Event Roadmap 2025 and discussed the upcoming conferences and events, such as the AI Security Forum in Paris and RSA.    
* They are developing a proposal for funding CoSAI participation at RSA, including considering a booth and evening reception. The group discussed leveraging the presence of CoSAI members at RSA for a possible CoSAI member meet-up focused event.  
  * **ACTION:**  David and Omar will take the action to figure out those attending and come up with a space to connect.  
*   The Marketing Committee is also looking for dates on the landscape paper preview.

**Collaboration with Other Forums:** 

* Omar Santos updated on ongoing collaboration discussions with OWASP with a focus on exploring potential synergies and avoiding duplication of efforts. David LaBianca proposed formal action to identify and add the security partner organization to the TSC, acknowledging the need for further discussions with the other forums.  
  *  Exploring doing something jointly with OWASP at RSA  
  *  **ACTION**: David and Omar to put together a singular entity proposal to add OWASP as non-sponsor for input and review from the PGB.  

**International Engagement and Public Sector Committee Update**

* David LaBianca highlighted efforts to increase engagement with global entities. Jeffrey Borek provided an update on the Public Sector Committee (PSC), noting work on identifying key stakeholders and drafting a mission statement focusing on education, outreach, and tracking emerging regulations.  Discussions also touched upon outreach to specific companies in Europe for collaboration, and the possibility of future engagements with European AI companies as well as more engagement globally.

  
