# CoSAI PGB Meeting Minutes

## Date: January 6, 2025 

**Attendees**: David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto), Terrence Driscoll (Cyware), JR Rao (IBM), Josh Harguess (Cranium), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Janice Tse (PayPal), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), David Girard (Trend Micro), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Sean Morgan (Protect AI)

**Regrets:** Alon Schindel (Wiz),  Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard),  Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), James Stewart (TrojAI), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX),  Kapish Vanvaria (EY), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Manish Garg (VE3), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Matan Getz (AIM), Mislav BalunoviÄ‡ (Invariant Labs), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters**)**,  Nabil Hamzi (Logitech), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Holly Petersen (OASIS), Jeff Borek (IBM), Zemer Shwartz-Noy (AIM), Nikita Jain (Google), Juliana Ball (Intel), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Barak Sharoni (Wiz), Sarah Liang (EY)

**Quorum:** 39 PGB members, 20 primary reps needed for quorum, this meeting had quorum 

## Agenda

* Welcome and introductions of new members  
* Executive Steering Committee update  
* Marketing Committee update  
  * Overview of Marketing plan, Juliana  
  * Update on Events from Nikita  
* PSC update  
* TSC update  
* Open items  
  * 6-Months-Checkin and Feedback  
  * Discussion on potential new workstream

## Meeting Minutes

### Welcome and Introductions

* New members introductions:
  * Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror)
  *  Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks)  
  * Zemer Shwartz-Noy (AIM Security) 
  * Priyanka Tembey (Operant AI)

### Executive Steering Committee Update 

* David reported on the Executive Steering Committee's progress, noting delays in outreach due to the holidays.   
* He discussed a proposal to pool premier member dues for year one to fund marketing, public sector steering, and workstream activities. Discussions on non-sponsor participation are ongoing.

### Marketing Committee update

* Marketing Plan for 2025  
  * Juliana, co-chair of the Marketing Committee presented a short overview of the marketing plan, developed by Nikita, Juliana, and the marketing committee.  
  * Juliana explained the plan's framework for establishing subcommittees (outreach, content, events, and PR), setting short-, medium-, and long-term goals.   
    * ACTION: The PGB will provide feedback by Friday  
    * ACTION: OASIS staff to send out a poll to approve the Marketing plan on Monday, January 13.  
* Upcoming Events:   
  * Nikita highlighted five upcoming events: OASIS Awards Ceremony (Feb 5th), AI Action Summit (Feb 10th-11th), Tech Show London (Mar 12th-13th), AI Cyber Day (Mar 25th-27th), and OCA Cyber Security Village meeting (Apr 1st-3rd).   
  * The marketing committee will assess event alignment with the marketing strategy and prioritize participation.  
  * David emphasized the importance of rigorous event participation criteria to maximize ROI.

### Public Sector Committee Update

* Jeff provided an update on the Public Sector Committee (PSC), highlighting their kickoff meeting in December  
* He also encouraged the PGB members to join the upcoming meeting on Monday, January 13.

### TSC and Workstreams update

* J.R. reported on the progress of the three workstreams, noting that two are progressing well, while one needs to catch up.  
* The goal for all workstreams is to complete landscape papers by the end of the month.    
  * J.R emphasized the importance of these papers for future briefings and discussions.

### Six-Month Check-In and Feedback

* David and Omar suggest doing a six-month check-in to assess the progress of the project and receive feedback from CoSAI PGB members. They also identified areas for improvement, including global participation and finalizing non-sponsor participation guidelines.   
* They suggest using a Google Form for ongoing feedback, supplemented by open discussion.  
  * ACTION: OASIS staff and co-chairs will create an evergreen Google Form for ongoing feedback 


### Industry Changes and potential new workstream

* Jason expressed concern about the rapid pace of AI development, particularly the emergence of reasoning models, which are not currently addressed by the workstreams. David agreed and suggested the possibility of a new workstream to address this evolving landscape.   
* Omar Santos further suggested creating a new workstream for AI Agents (agentic implementations) and also a position paper outlining the evolving landscape.  
  * ACTION: Co-chairs to provide a WS4 Agentic Security proposal for the PGB  
* A discussion ensued regarding the need for a new workstream focusing on agentic implementations.  Members discussed the use of Github issues, in a new repo, to facilitate collaboration and begin defining terms relevant to this new area (reasoning, agents, etc.).    
  * ACTION: Co-chairs to circulate a proposal for the use of GitHub issues to facilitate collaboration

  
