# CoSAI PGB Meeting -- Draft

## Date: 7 July 2025

**Present:** Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), David Girard (Trend Micro), David LaBianca (Google), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Omar Santos (Cisco),Marina Zeldin (Dell), JR Rao (IBM), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), J.R. Rao (IBM), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Prutha Parikh (Cohere \- left approx 30 min in), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Sean Morgan (Protect AI),  Priyanka Tembey (Operant \- left early), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Manish Garg (VE3), 

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), Kapish Vanvaria (EY), Marc Fischer (Invariant Labs), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla),  Matan Getz (AIM), Matt Saner (Amazon), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks), Nabil Hamzi (Logitech),Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Nils Tracy (Blinder),Sachin Jade (Cyware), Tobias Boelter (Harvey),  Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Vidyut Naware (PayPal), 

**Guests:**  
Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Barak Sharoni (Wiz alternate), Juliana Ball (MC co-chair), Scott Kelso (Lenovo alternate), Jeff Borek (IBM alternate), Sarah Liang (EY alternate)

*Quorum: 46 PGB members, 24 needed for quorum â€“*

23 present

## Agenda

* Reminder that WS2 paper is under review  
* Introduction and discussion of Agentic Design Principles document  
* Member Feedback 

## Notes

* **Workstream 2 Paper Review**  
  * David announced that the WS2 landscape paper is in its review phase for the PGB, with the call for consensus scheduled to begin on July 9th. Claudia confirmed the plan and asked for comments to be sent to the mailing list or directly to OASIS staff and the PGB chairs, requesting that no changes be made to the document itself.   
* **Discussion on Agentic Security Principles Document**  
  * David explained that alongside the Agentic Security Principles document, a blog post is being developed to introduce the "why" behind the principles and provide a tangible landing for practitioners. J.R. and David have started  the blog outline, and have shared it with key contributors and marketing co-leads for quick progression. Daniel inquired if the document was final or still open for feedback, to which David clarified that it is not final and feedback is welcome, particularly as the TSC vote has not yet commenced.  
  * David stated that a vote on the current version of the Principles document would begin this week, either through a TSC call if a quorum is met or via an async mailing list/poll-based approval. He expressed gratitude for the significant engagement and feedback from TSC and workstream members, specifically acknowledging J.R., Akila, Ian, and Sarah Novotny for their contributions.  
  * David and Claudia discussed the preferred method for submitting feedback on the Agentic Principles document. Claudia suggested adding comments directly to the current version of the document, a proposal David supported. They also emphasized that feedback can be provided through various channels, including live meetings, document comments, and emails, to encourage broad engagement.  
  * Daniel asked about the breadth of feedback received on the Agentic Principles document so far, specifically asking if it extended beyond a few active participants and across different vertical types. David confirmed that significant contributions and feedback has come from various companies, including IBM, Intel, and Microsoft, and highlighted lively discussions within the TSC. J.R. further elaborated that the idea was thoroughly germinated across WS4, WS1, and WS2, ensuring inclusivity in the process.  
  * J.R. articulated that the Agentic Principles document is foundational and could serve as an organizing principle for future CoSAI workstreams, especially given the increasing focus on agents. They suggested that each principle could potentially become a sub-workstream or a dedicated workstream, guiding efforts over the next year, and noted that the document hits a middle level of abstraction, providing clear intent while allowing for interpretation.  
  * Morgan raised a question about whether the Agentic Principles are intended for companies developing agentic systems or also for those adopting them, suggesting that separate guiding principles might be needed for adopters. Jason responded by asserting that the line between development and adoption is blurring as AI agents can write software to create more agents, and therefore, any missing elements for adopters should be incorporated into the current document. Daniel suggested that the principles could be recast as a vendor assessment model, ensuring that similar questions are pursued across both audiences, though their application might differ.  
  * Sarah proposed that the principles should emphasize secure scaling of AI systems through standardization and governance. She also noted that clients often view AI systems as single use cases, contrasting with the future vision of pervasive agentic AI requiring broader organizational transformation. David affirmed that the document aims to address these concerns by focusing on actionable controls to minimize latency and manage risk, emphasizing the balance between controls and value.  
  * Sarah questioned whether the principles would be perceived as "more work" by external readers rather than a scaling enabler. David suggested that the accompanying blog post would provide necessary context to clarify this. Sarah also questioned the term "human in the loop," suggesting it might conflict with the goal of agentic AI achieving greater objectivity. David clarified that the document opts for "human governed" to imply human constraint without implying direct human intervention, acknowledging the complexity of the language.  
  * Malcolm highlighted a common misperception among AI and Agentic startups that traditional compliance mechanisms like SOC 2 or ISO 42001 are sufficient for managing AI risks. He suggested that a companion piece or continued emphasis is needed to correct this assumption, to which David agreed, recognizing that one blog post would likely not be enough to fully address this point.  
  * Daniel commented that while the Agentic Principles are not explicitly actionable as stated, they serve as a rubric for testing implementations and noted that many principles align with classic security contexts. David confirmed that the intent was not to negate classical security controls but to build upon them for agentic systems.  
  * Daniel sought clarification on the target audience for the principles, asking if it was exclusively AI developers or a bridge between AI developers and security practitioners. J.R. clarified that the principles are intended for tech practitioners (including security personnel and AI users), and agent developers (also including security people). J.R. further explained that the principles draw from decades of security lessons, applying them to agentic systems while maintaining a level of ambiguity to allow for interpretation and future updates.  
* **CoSAI Member Feedback**  
  * Omar reported on a meeting with Kelly and Claudia that covered feedback from CoSAI sponsors. Kelly, Ingrid and Claudia have had check-in calls with CoSAI PGB reps over the past couple of months.  
  * Omar reported that OASIS tooling was perceived as a common challenge by some of the sponsors, which the OASIS board is actively addressing through a dedicated committee.   
  * Omar and David also discussed the feedback regarding the pace of CoSAI's progress. They acknowledged the positive feedback for Workstreams 1 and 2, but identified WS3 as an area needing improvement and potential restructuring.  
  * David and Omar also discussed feedback on meeting times being inconvenient for international participants, exploring options like alternating meeting times to accommodate a global audience. They also aimed to allocate more speaking time for all members in live meetings and addressed concerns about potential changes in membership during renewal periods.  
  * Claudia encouraged members to reach out to OASIS staff with any feedback, positive or negative, at any time, emphasizing that they are working chronologically through the member list for outreach.  
  * David acknowledged the need to review governance rules to enable higher velocity in producing artifacts, given the speed of AI development. Omar suggested exploring lightweight approaches for approvals, particularly for deliverables like blogs, by leveraging the expertise of senior members in the TSC to reduce redundant reviews by the PGB. David noted that they have started using a path for quicker blog post approvals that aligns with this model and reiterated appreciation for the feedback in improving processes.  
  * David emphasized the need for a sharper, laser focus on marketing and event activities going into year two, particularly regarding what they post and engage with.  
* **Any other business**  
  * David announced that a press release from the Marketing Committee is expected next week and encouraged everyone to review the agent principles document, as TSC will begin formal reviews the following day. 

