# CoSAI PGB Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 11 August 2025

**Present:**  Omar Santos (Cisco), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Konstantin Böttinger (Fraunhofer AISEC), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Sitaraman Vilayannur (Styrk AI), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Rob Michel (Lenovo \- left after 30 min.), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), David Girard (Trend Micro), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), JR Rao (IBM), Prutha Parikh (Cohere \- left after 30 min), Manish Garg (VE3), 

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), David LaBianca (Google), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), Joe Nicastro (Legit Security), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Manoj Parmar (Sovereign AISecurity), Marco Figueroa (Mozilla), Matan Getz (AIM), Matt Saner (Amazon), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Sachin Jade (Cyware), Sarah Liang (EY alternate), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Vidyut Naware (PayPal), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Jeff Borek (IBM alternate), Arushi Saxena (Harvey alternate), Barak Sharoni (Wiz alternate)

## Agenda

* New Member introduction  
* Update from Black Hat, DEF CON, and AI Security Summit  
* OWASP update  
* Marketing update  
  * MC call for co-chair  
* PGB Volunteer support for CoSAI Business Development   
* AOB

## Notes

* **New Member Introductions**   
  * Konstantin Böttinger from Fraunhofer Gesellschaft introduced himself, explaining his focus on AI security. Arushi Saxena from Harvey AI also introduced herself, as a technical program manager on the security engineering team, with a background in AI security, LLM security, and red teaming.  
* **Black Hat and AI Security Summit Updates**  
  * Omar provided updates on Black Hat and the AI Security Summit, noting CoSAI's representation at both events. He mentioned that the AI Security Summit grew significantly, from 70 attendees last year to over 300, and included representatives from companies, academia, and government, with Jason delivering a keynote. Jason emphasized the summit's broad focus on the societal impact of AI, public sector, and academic contributions, describing it as a well-represented and democratic meeting.   
* **DEF CONand AI Cyber Challenge**  
  * Omar provided an update on DEF CON, specifically highlighting work related to benchmarks for AI security at the AI Village. Jason shared details about DARPA's AI Cyber Challenge, where the winning team found 40 vulnerabilities and automatically remediated 31, while all competing teams collectively found 18 new zero-days and fixed 11\. Jason stressed that organizations need to adopt AI-driven remediation pipelines to address the accelerated pace of vulnerability discovery and exploitation.  
* **Impact of AI on Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)**  
  * J.R. and Jason discussed the radical changes AI brings to software development, including autonomous coding agents and automated vulnerability finding. Daniel emphasized the need for AI-driven auto-remediation and auto-patching pipelines, warning that human-paced responses will be too slow against AI-powered attackers. Omar shared Cisco's efforts to create non-human rules and noted the fragmentation of solutions as a challenge.  
* **Proposals for CoSAI Contributions**	  
  * Omar suggested that CoSAI could contribute by identifying the top X coding agents and guiding them with actionable rules, possibly in a technical committee or as open-source material. Jason proposed developing a benchmark for CVE remediation, leveraging existing vulnerability databases and patches, to evaluate the effectiveness of coding agents independently. Daniel's idea of providing guidance for AI agents themselves was also supported.  
* **Collaboration with OWASP and NIST**   
  * Omar provided an update on the ongoing discussions with OWASP, noting that an agreement is still pending, with Kelly confirming that OWASP is reviewing OASIS's policies for internal approvals. Regarding NIST, Kelly and Omar clarified that there is no specific plan for CoSAI to directly work with NIST at this time.  
* **Marketing Committee Co-Chair Vacancy**   
  * Omar announced a vacancy for a co-chair position in the marketing committee due to a member's departure. Kelly clarified that the PGB must confirm the new co-chair and suggested a call for interested volunteers to be handled asynchronously via mailing list. Ingrid confirmed the call for chairs would start this week, with a suggested 10-day period for responses to span a weekend. Geoff inquired about the time commitment for the role, which Ingrid estimated to be about one to two hours per week, including bi-weekly 30-minute meetings.  
* **Volunteer Call for Business Development Support**  
  * Kelly explained that the OASIS business development team needs volunteers to assist with inbound requests and sponsorship inquiries, particularly for technical discussions. This initiative aims to reduce the burden on David and other key members by creating a rotating team of two to four individuals who can speak to CoSAI's technical aspects and workstreams. Calls are typically 30-60 minutes, and the business development team handles most initial contacts, with many introductions coming from existing members. Jeff volunteered to help.  
* **AI SEO and White House AI Action Plan**   
  * Daniel raised the importance of "AI SEO" to ensure CoSAI content is discoverable by AI models and suggested guidance on how CoSAI publishes information to achieve this. Omar agreed this is a good topic for the TSC.   
* **White House AI Action Plan**   
  * Nicholas suggested discussing the US government's AI action plan, particularly the AI Safety Institute Consortium (AISAC), at the executive steering committee meeting. Jason expressed support for the AISAC but emphasized the need for it to be agile and less bureaucratic than traditional ISACs.

## Next Steps and Action Items

* Ingrid will follow up with Geoff regarding the time commitment for the Marketing Committee co-chair role.  
* The group will consider forming a small team to support the OASIS business development team on calls with serious leads.  
* OASIS staff will start the call for a new co-chair for the marketing committee this week for a period of 10 days, sending details to the mailing list.

