# **CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes**

# Date: 18 August 2025

**Attendees:**  Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), Jason Clinton (Anthropic),  Matt Saner (Amazon), Jeff Borek (IBM), JR Rao (IBM), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), Sarah Liang (EY – joined 43 min in),

**Regrets:** Barak Sharoni (Wiz), David Girard (Trend Micro), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler),  Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Kapish Vanvairia (EY), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto NW), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Vidyut Naware (Paypal)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)

## Agenda

* AI action plan open discussion  
* Gather updates on our next steps  
* Membership changes  
* Loss of voting privileges starting   
* PSC  
* Marketing Co-Chair

## Summary

* **Engagement for Year Two:** David expressed gratitude for participant involvement and emphasized the transition into the second year of engagement, focusing on future directions. He outlined the agenda, including updates on next steps from Akila, and J.R., regarding the technical story for year two. J.R. explained that he and Akila were conducting a retrospective on year one's achievements to ensure year two is impactful.

* **Strategic Focus for AI Security** J.R. discussed the rapid pace of AI advancements, particularly in areas like agentic identity and security, stressing the need for the organization to add value and become a central hub for AI security conversations. J.R. also suggested that the PGB should weigh in on new sub-workstreams and discussed outreach strategies, proposing the organization act as a clearinghouse for conversations similar to those around the Model Context Protocol (MCP). J.R. and Akila are reaching out to thought leaders to identify how to move forward, capitalizing on the established working relationships from year one.

  * David highlighted the importance of producing an outline on security requirements to guide the TSC and PGB, determining areas of investment. He noted this effort would address whether "Agentic" is a fleeting term or if there are core security requirements that persist regardless of AGI advancements.

  * David stressed  the need to bring all members to the same understanding of current AI advancements, suggesting a focus on upskilling the group on the cutting edge of AI to better address security needs. Jason proposed creating a Chatham House forum for information transfer from labs to committee members to help them anticipate future technology trends. Jason also volunteered to draft a five-page strategic outlook on the next 12 to 18 months of AI development to align workstreams with future projections.

  * Jason confirmed that the draft strategic update would be shared with the PGB for comments within a few days, with the goal of distributing it to the broader CoSAI audience by the end of next week to ensure workstream alignment. Matt supported Jason's concept of not assuming a fixed track for CoSAI, recognizing the rapid evolution of this space , and advocated for working backward from desired outcomes and industry challenges. Matt emphasized the importance of influence on emerging regulations and refining the organization's focus through shared insights. David suggested exploring new tools and approaches, possibly including in-person meetings, to enhance efficiency and avoid limiting the organization to previous methods.

  * David highlighted that the Chatham House format would enable engagement from a wider range of voices who might not otherwise participate. Omar expressed optimism about Jason’s proposal, believing it will help harmonize workstream activities and provide clearer direction.

* **Model Context Protocol (MCP) Standardization:** Jeff inquired about discussions regarding the MCP standardization, emphasizing the need for proactive engagement to prevent other parts of the ecosystem from driving the agenda. Jason shared that Anthropic is discussing open governance for MCP and intends to establish a separate standardization body for it. Jason also suggested opportunities to standardize other adjacent areas to MCP.

  * Jeff stressed the importance of maintaining diversity in the ecosystem, encouraging CoSAI to be considered as an option for MCP's external governance to avoid a single foundation dominating. Jason affirmed Anthropic's commitment to opening up MCP governance as much as possible.

* **Velocity and Agility in AI Standards:** Daniel suggested that the biggest challenge for CoSAI is velocity, highlighting that the organization needs to anticipate future developments to remain effective, which often means sharing forward roadmaps. J.R. acknowledged the need for velocity but also emphasized the strength in numbers, suggesting that while the organization might be slower due to processes, its collective viewpoints could prevail. Daniel countered that strength in numbers and speed are not mutually exclusive, advocating for accelerating consensus building and challenging current processes to ensure the organization remains impactful and avoids being left behind.

  * David acknowledged the need to operate within OASIS's existing rules and approval processes, emphasizing the importance of defining clear outputs, target users, and what the organization aims to provide. J.R. highlighted the inherent contradiction of human-led standards bodies operating in an AI-first world, suggesting a focus on areas that truly require human deliberation and consensus rather than attempting to compete on speed with AI-driven processes. David agreed that while operating at AI speed is impossible, the organization must focus on providing missing insights and approaches that AI models currently lack.

* **Voting Privileges and Member Engagement** David announced that some sponsors would lose voting privileges due to non-attendance as stated in the PGB standing rules, explaining that this is a non-punitive measure with a clear path for reinstatement. Kelly confirmed that affected members were informed via private email last week, and Claudia reported no feedback yet from those messages. Omar inquired if the lack of replies indicated members had left their previous roles or if their engagement simply varied.

  * Claudia explained that some smaller companies might join CoSAI for marketing and branding reasons and that  outreach often receives no response. Ingrid described the check-in process with members, including discussions about renewals and engagement. Daniel inquired about the correlation between retention and engagement, offering to help improve member participation.

* **Year Two Initiatives and Membership Growth:** J.R. proposed several initiatives for year two, including a full-court push on membership, global engagement, academia involvement, and focusing on breakthrough plays through strategic topic selection. David suggested creating an issues tracker to monitor these key items, prioritizing focused deliverables to members alongside membership growth. Kelly explained that non-renewal factors often include budget allocation within organizations and internal alignment, rather than just participation levels.

* **Premier Membership Value and Funding:** David noted the current lack of unique value for founding premier members, which has led some to downgrade to regular membership, and emphasized the need to review funding models for premier members in year two. Sarah suggested leveraging CoSAI's brand by offering exclusive discussions or benchmark access for premier members.

* **Marketing Co-Chair and Leadership Roles:** David highlighted the critical importance of having the right people with the right capabilities in leadership roles, particularly for workstreams and the marketing co-chair position. He explained  the need for a new marketing co-chair because there is currently only one chair for the MC. He emphasized the need for someone who  can bring real insight and innovation beyond just passion, focusing on effective communication strategies rather than just press releases. David also stressed the need for CoSAI leadership to provide constructive feedback to co-chairs when things are not working out.

* **Policy and Public Sector Engagement:** Jeff suggested revisiting policy discussions, which were paused due to rapid changes and administrative shifts, as a potential topic for the next PGB meeting.

  * David emphasized the need for two separate conversations: one on public sector engagement and another on policy engagement. David suggested it is too early for effective public sector engagement, but recognized a potential need for a reactive policy group, a point supported by Matt and Jeff. David proposed restarting an email discussion to gauge the group's sentiment on a reactive policy approach.

  * Sarah suggested targeting specific sectors like oil and gas that could significantly benefit from AI, particularly concerning infrastructure data rights and access management. David noted that focusing on specific sectors is challenging without a clear understanding of the audience and what outputs will be provided. David also stated that determining the primary audience and customers should precede concerns about public or other sector engagement.

  * David discussed with Daniel the possibility of incorporating a policy discussion into an upcoming NVIDIA event, with Daniel needing to understand the group's interest to reserve space. David offered to initiate an email with Daniel and Omar to discuss the feasibility and planning for this opportunity.

## Next Steps and Actions

* Jason will prepare a strategic outlook on the next 12 to 18 months of AI development to align workstreams with future projections and send it to the PGB within a day or two for comments. The goal is to share the revised strategic update with the rest of the CoSAI audience by the end of next week.   
* Ingrid will send a reminder regarding the marketing call for co-chair.  
* Jason will reach out to Rita after the strategic document is ready to discuss the business development aspect of the new approach, and Kelly will give Rita a heads-up about it.  
* David will send an email to Daniel and Omar to discuss the policy conversation and figure out next steps.  
* Claudia to David create a Googlesheet issues tracker to monitor key items, prioritizing focused deliverables to members alongside membership growth.

