# **CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes**

# Date: 19 May 2025 -- DRAFT

**Attendees:** Sean Morgan (ProtectAI), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), David LaBianca (Google), Jeffrey Borek (IBM), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Omar Santos (Cisco), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Vidyut Naware (Paypal), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft),

**Regrets:** David Girard (Trend Micro), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), JR Rao (IBM), Kapish Vanvairia (EY), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto NW), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), 

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Sarah Liang (EY)

*Quorum:* 10 Members present, 8 needed

## Agenda

* Continue discussion, from TSC, surrounding leaning into "code and solutions" as soon as possible.  
* ExSC help in building support for upcoming calls for volunteers and leads re: resources and tooling.   
* Update on member expansion discussion in Europe, India, Japan and Australia  
* AOB

## Summary

* **New Members** 

  * Daniel Riedel (GenLab) was welcomed to the group and it was noted that Josiah was filling in for David Girard. Also, Vidyut Naware joined for Paypal, sitting in for Janice who is on leave for a few weeks.

* **Standing Rules Ballot Update** 

  * David urged those who hadn't voted on the standing rules to do so, mentioning the increasing complexity of managing votes as the group grows. Claudia provided data on the voting progress thus far. 

* **Member Expansion Initiatives** 

  * David provided an update on member expansion efforts, highlighting a primary focus on outreach in India. They mentioned conversations with and initial discussions in Singapore around regulatory standards. David asked for those with company contacts in India to share with CoSAI BD, Rita & Holly.  

  * David also noted early engagement with ENISA to increase growth in Europe and a request for participation in their conference in Greece and mentioned outreach from CSRO in Australia, a quasi-government standards body, as well as early interest from an AI Group in Japan.  

  * Daniel Rohrer suggested having a map of participant locations, which David agreed to add as a column to the PGB roster.  

  * Daniel Riedel offered to help reinforce outreach in Japan through their contacts at Digital Garage, Tokyo University, NDT, and NEC. David agreed to follow up with Daniel directly on this.

* **Pivot to Code and Tooling**

  * Daniel Rohrer initiated a discussion during the last TSC meeting about pivoting beyond documents to include code and tools as a way to encode expertise, noting the rapid pace of AI adoption. He raised the implications for supporting infrastructure and the value the community places on different expressions of expertise. Omar echoed how tools and frameworks enhance adoption and impact compared to just specifications, providing an example of TC [CSAF](https://www.csaf.io/tools.html) but also highlighting the support for these. David supported this direction, highlighting the complexity even in seemingly simple donations like the SAIF and the need for a more structural approach. Josiah noted that tools are the natural progression from the papers.

* **Importance of Code in AI Governance** 

  * David emphasized the early agreement on the importance of a code element and the increasing need to materialize best practices in code. Sarah shared that clients are seeing policies go unused by engineering teams and are building their own tools to embed governance and controls into the AI development lifecycle. David concurred and proposed a more formal discussion on this at the PGB level.

* **Call for Volunteers and Leads** 

  * David discussed the growing need for volunteers and leads as new discoveries emerge within workstreams. Two examples included the need for sustainers for backing resources on the CoSAI GitHub and a need for leads to drive the donation of code in workstream 3\. David asked for thoughts on how to engage around this.

  * Omar suggested leveraging current workstream meetings to socialize the need for more engagement, volunteers and to ensure everyone is aware of existing resources like the charter which includes tools within the scope. Sarah proposed a think tank whiteboarding session to align on goals for the next 12 months. Daniel Rohrer supported revisiting the initial charter with the expanded membership to capture broader perspectives. The consensus was to likely start these conversations at the TSC level, ensuring it's not just a blank whiteboard and building on past work.

* **Next Steps for Tooling Framework Discussion** 

  * Omar suggested a smaller group consisting of both Daniels, Josiah, Sarah, David and himself to frame the discussion on a tooling framework before bringing it to the full TSC. David agreed, and they will work with OASIS staff to organize this.

* **Addressing the Enterprise Risk Management Gap** 

  * Sarah raised the issue of a missing link between AI system risks and enterprise risk management frameworks, noting increasing curiosity from regulatory bodies like the SEC. She highlighted the need to connect technical performance metrics of AI with business context for different stakeholders. David suggested an offline conversation with Sarah, potentially exploring connections with domains like healthcare and finance that have strong risk governance experience.

* **Policy Engagement** 

  * David addressed the recurring need for a policy update, highlighting the demand expressed at events like RSA. He outlined three key elements for a proposal to the PGB: the format of the update  (virtual, in-person, hybrid), the proposed timing, and duration. Omar shared feedback from policy contacts, suggesting a hybrid approach and considering Washington D.C. as a potential location, especially around the time of Black Hat and DEF CON. Daniel Rohrer mentioned a GTC event in D.C. in October as a potential opportunity to draw relevant audiences. David LaBianca found this information helpful for considering timing and location.

  * In addition to the policy workshop, Josiah suggested regular, smaller moving workshops for CoSAI. Omar reiterated the value of smaller, focused workstream gatherings, referencing successful examples. 

  * Daniel mentioned that NVIDIA has a big event in DC in October which could draw audiences. The meeting also focused on gathering information about events happening between August and November, primarily in the DC area, with consideration for significant policy events in Europe.

## Next Steps and Actions

* David will follow up with Daniel Riedel regarding his Japanese contacts for outreach.  
* David, Omar, Akila, and J.R. will (1) create a structured response to workstreams clarifying the permissibility of developing tools, and (2) update the TSC readme.md file accordingly.  
* Omar, Daniel, Josiah, Sarah, David and anyone else with strong interest to meet next week to frame a proposal for the TSC regarding leaning into code and tooling.  
* David will email Sarah to discuss the linkage between AI use cases, enterprise risk management, and controlling authorities.  
* OASIS Staff to add a Primary Region column to the PGB Roster
