# **CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes**

# Date: 21 July 2025

**Attendees:**  David LaBianca (Google), David Girard (Trend Micro), Jason Clinton (Anthropic),  Matt Saner (Amazon),  Barak Sharoni (Wiz), Sarah Liang (EY), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), Jeffrey Borek (IBM), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA â€“ joined at 40 min. in),

**Regrets:** Daniel Riedel (GenLab),  Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), JR Rao (IBM), Kapish Vanvairia (EY), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto NW), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI),Omar Santos (Cisco), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Sean Morgan (ProtectAI), Vidyut Naware (Paypal)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS),

## Agenda

* Guidance for marketing committee \- follow-up to prior PGB/TSC discussions?  
* Review of current focus areas \- should we lean into a larger agentic reorganization?   
* SAIF Data donation  
* Governance discussions  
  * Integrating global companies; meeting times, recordings, etc  
  * Streamlining our governance; identification of problem areas, potential areas for improvement, etc

## Summary

* **Guidance for the Marketing Committee** David opened a discussion on providing appropriate guidance to the marketing committee after a year of operation, focusing on event participation, PR, and overall marketing strategies to foster growth. David specifically asked for insights on the value of past events like Aspen Security Forum, Black Hat, and RSA, and whether the current approach aligns with expectations.

  * **Brand Recognition and Marketing Effectiveness** Jason suggested that CoSAI needs to establish its brand to be recognized alongside organizations like ISO and OWASP, proposing more cost-effective strategies such as Google Ads over high-labor security conferences for brand recognition. David acknowledged the need to evaluate the return on investment for marketing efforts and distinguish between brand recognition and product dissemination.

  * Jason emphasized that once CoSAI produces artifacts, the focus should shift to effectively getting those products in front of the right people. David highlighted the need to target smaller and regional events, especially those focused on AI and developers, to ensure that cyber security aspects are integrated into AI development from the outset.

  * Dhaval raised the crucial question of how to measure the value and adoption of the artifacts and standards CoSAI produces, suggesting a need for feedback mechanisms from the larger community. David agreed that measuring adoption is key and highlighted that it ties into recognizing the right participants and leveraging events for feedback .

  * Matt questioned whether CoSAI has the right composition of stakeholders to achieve its mission, suggesting a more targeted approach to recruitment if gaps exist. Sarah reinforced the need to analyze current engagement with security professionals versus broader audiences, proposing that CoSAI target different events to reach non-security AI professionals.

  * Jason suggested that CoSAI should leverage public incidents,  as opportunities to highlight security best practices, advocating for a rapid social media strategy given the fast pace of AI development. David supported this idea, reframing it as an opportunity to address crises by providing guidance rather than "ambulance chasing".

* **Agentic AI Focus and Workstream Reorganization** David introduced the idea of reorganizing workstreams to align with an "Agentic Systems approach" given the increasing adoption of AI. The discussion explored whether this focus is too narrow or reductive, with Sarah suggesting that the current focus might not fully capture the rapid evolution and risks associated with Agentic AI. Jason also expressed concern that the term "Agentic" might become outdated as AI capabilities evolve, suggesting a focus on "Agentic plus memory" for future considerations.

  * David acknowledged this, agreeing that while "Agentic" serves as a current shorthand, the long-term focus should be on foundational elements of AI transformation

  * Daniel and Sarah discussed the evolving role of human oversight in AI systems, with Daniel suggesting that "human in the loop" is often a symptom of insufficient system control and that better controls are preferable. Sarah proposed moving beyond the "human in the loop/on the loop" references to a more thoughtful "oversight" concept, as these terms might become outdated by 2026\. The conversation also highlighted the lack of a standardized language to define appropriate risk scenarios and controls for AI systems.

* **SAIF Data Donation from Google** David announced the TSC's acceptance of the SAIF data donation from Google, which is a data-only deployment to help CoSAI users better understand its data and approach without parsing numerous papers. The goal is to transform this data into a stable, CoSAI-aligned dataset that helps users with control definitions, threat definitions, and scenarios, emphasizing its importance for future usability and adoption.

* **Governance Review for 2026** David initiated a conversation about reassessing CoSAI's governance structure, especially as the organization enters its second year and considers its direction toward 2026\. Sarah suggested refreshing the definition of governance to reflect evolving client needs, moving beyond traditional risk and compliance to practical playbooks for scaling AI systems. The discussion also touched upon adapting to the inclusion of global companies, which impacts meeting times and approaches, and streamlining governance processes for efficiency.

  * David outlined three key areas for future governance review: formal governance structures (membership tiers, committees), streamlining the review loop for quicker output, and adapting to a growing number of global stakeholders. 

  * The meeting concluded with a call for offline feedback on these governance aspects, emphasizing the need for flexibility as the group expands globally.

## Next Steps and Actions

* The group will contemplate strategies for addressing the Agentic horizontal challenge across workstreams.  
* David will collate the input from today's discussion on marketing and bring it to the larger conversations with the marketing group, PGB, and TSC.  
* ExSC members are asked to provide feedback and suggestions for a Governance update.
