# **CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes**

# Date: 16 June 2025

**Attendees:** David LaBianca (Google), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), Omar Santos (Cisco), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Jeffrey Borek (IBM), Geoff Bibby (Snyk \- left after 20 minutes), JR Rao (IBM), 

**Regrets:** David Girard (Trend Micro) Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Kapish Vanvairia (EY), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto NW), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Matt Saner (Amazon), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Sean Morgan (ProtectAI), Vidyut Naware (Paypal)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro)

## Agenda

* OWASP Agreement update  
* Actions Update from last meeting  
* Non-sponsor TSC seats  
* Agentic Security Principles

## Summary

**Review of Previous Action Items:** David provided updates on action items from the previous meeting which included following up with Daniel Riedel regarding Japan contacts, discussing developing tools in CoSAI, addressing risk management feedback from Sarah, and updating PGB members on their roster. Some actions are ongoing and will continue to be tracked.

**OWASP Non-Commercial Engagement Update:** Omar provided an update on the non-sposor TSC seat coordination  with OWASP, t. He explained the process of aligning agreements for a non-member organization to join CoSAI. Scott Clinton from OWASP is currently reviewing the latest version, and Omar is optimistic about its completion. The goal is for OWASP to have a seat in the TSC and potentially contribute to CoSAI in the future.

**Potential** **Engagement with Other Groups:**  Josiah initiated a discussion about potential engagement with other non-commercial entities, particularly those in the US federal space like AISIRT at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) and NIST's AI risk management framework. These groups expressed interest in mutual information sharing and keeping the TSC updated. David LaBianca raised the question of how CoSAI wants to move forward with such entities, considering the need for a pattern beyond exploratory conversations.

* Josiah  suggested inviting these entities as non-voting members of the TSC for information sharing. David agreed, noting the potential for creating better connections, provided the numbers remain manageable. Daniel Rohrer raised concerns about potential IP pollution even with non-voting members without an established framework. Kelly mentioned that OASIS has experience with government entities but emphasized the need to address IP considerations in CoSAI's governance.


* David stated they would work with OASIS to understand previous approaches for integrating government entities and update CoSAI's governance rules. They envision both a reactive approach for those who reach out and a proactive approach for targeted organizations. Josiah shared a document from the PSC with a list of potential organizations for collaboration.


**Update on Agentic Security Principles:** David provided an update on the conversation around agentic security principles, which aims to structure thinking across CoSAI workstreams regarding AI agent security.  The current draft focuses on control objectives and needs, aiming to guide the ecosystem for technical practitioners, agent providers, and key opinion formers. Feedback from Intel highlighted the importance of addressing zero-trust-related risks.

* David encouraged feedback from participants in the form of comments and edits on the current draft, aiming for a concise set of three to five principles. Jason raised concerns about untrusted inputs (jailbreaks and prompt injection) and the alignment problem in the context of the core model's values. Daniel Rohrer supported this, emphasizing the complexity of model alignment and the need for deeper discussion. David agreed to include these points and suggested a broader conversation under the TSC.


**Importance of Open Dialogue and Addressing Disagreements:** David stressed the importance of openly sharing debates and challenges within the group to achieve better outcomes. They encouraged participants to voice their differentiating views and objections early in the process. Josiah acknowledged the progress of the document but emphasized conciseness.
##
## Next Steps and Actions

* Kelly will provide bullet points on integrating non-commercial government entities into CoSAI, addressing IP and governance.  
* Dhaval and Jason will add comments to the Google document on agentic security principles regarding (1) data theft via external communication, (2) untrusted inputs, and (3) the alignment problem.  
* J.R. and David will create a formal proposal for groups to consider for a policy conversation.  
  
