# CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes

## Date: 17 March 2025 --DRAFT

Attendees:  David LaBianca (Google),  Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Omar Santos (Cisco), Jeff Borek (IBM), JR Rao (IBM), Barak Sharoni (Wiz), Vidyut Naware (Paypal)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS), [Jane Harnad](mailto:jharnad@oasis-open.org)(OASIS)

## Agenda:

* (Discussion) RSA \- in-person get together discussion  
* (Discussion) Marketing Budget  
* (Request) Call for a reviewer for WS2 paper  
* (Pre-Discussion) Policy workshop plans and approach  
* (Continued) Voting \- still challenging  
* (Discussion) Nominations / Identification of our second and third non-sponsor opportunities

## Notes:

* Low attendance and voting participation within the PGB was discussed with a proposal to track PGB voting participation in an attempt to improve the situation. n.  Further discussion planned regarding declining participation.    
  * Due to low attendance, a decision was made to postpone some agenda items as well as asynchronous follow-up on others.    
  * The Policy workshop & approach discussion was postponed for the PGB.  
* David LaBianca, Omar Santos and J.R. Rao planned to send an email formally inviting OWASP to join the TSC as a non-sponsor.   
  * The criteria for future non-sponsor TSC members was discussed emphasizing the need for diversity in perspectives.   
* Jane Harnad requested urgent approval for the RSA budget, specifically highlighting the need to move forward with the booth design before prices increase.  It was noted that half of the RSA budget was already allocated toward securing the 10X10 booth space.    
* A decision was made to send a separate email to facilitate a quick vote on the RSA (P0) as well as the Technical Writer (P1) portions of the budget. This will be followed by a full budget review at the upcoming PGB meeting on April 7 to allow for adequate time for review by the PGB members.  
  * The timeline for this initial RSA vote was set for the end of the EOD Monday, March 24\.      
* David LaBianca mentioned a Google-branded event in the works for RSA which he is planning to attend and will invite CoSAI PGB members. Cross-invitations from other companies to optimize PGB member engagement at various events as well as other options and opportunities for an internal CoSAI PGB meetup were also discussed.  
  * A conversation about the RSA networking events and cost-effectiveness was planned for the next PGB meeting.  
    
### Next Steps and Actions:

* Omar Santos, David LaBianca, and J.R. Rao will draft an email to formally invite OWASP to join the TSC.  
* Omar Santos and David LaBianca will send several emails to the PGB with action items and discussion points from today's meeting for asynchronous conversation.   
* Claudia Rauch will send out the poll vote for the P0 and P1 budget items once David LaBianca and Omar Santos finalize the budget for voting.  

